{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red12\green97\blue171;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c46246\c72914;
}
\margl1080\margr1440\margt1080
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Streamlining the triggering of members for clinical interventions within a US health insurer\cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf4 \cb1 The Client\cf4 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 \cb1 A burgeoning analytics group within a health insurer that was responsible for triggering members for clinical interventions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf4 \cb1 Challenge: Tackling Development Inefficiencies Amid Rapid Growth\cf4 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf2 The client had previously been relying on a fragmented collection of scripts to identify and trigger members for clinical interventions. The code was riddled with redundancies, with identical functionalities being repeatedly recoded across various scripts. \
\
The parameters used to classify a member for a given cohort, such as specific ICD-10 codes, were hard-coded within these scripts, making it difficult to clearly understand the triggering criteria.  Tracking member activity and justifications for triggering were minimal, leading to a daunting quality assurance challenge. \
\
The existing system was unsustainable and unable to accommodate the growing volume of requests for new cohorts due to the steady influx of new business.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf4 \cb1 Solution: A Unified, Efficient System
\fs22 \cf4 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf2 We introduced a comprehensive, database-driven member identification and triggering system, meticulously designed to manage targeted outreach for hundreds of cohorts of at-risk members. The system featured an intuitive GUI interface, enabling the definition of cohort parameters and an analytical review of past triggers, including who was triggered and why. A broad spectrum of system parameters was made available, encompassing clinical codes (like ICD-10, HCPCS), the number of members to be triggered, lookback periods, and exclusion criteria (such as triggering for another program recently).\
\
Our solution also included robust developer tools, such as function libraries and APIs, and seamless integration with case management systems. It now forms the cornerstone of operations for a 30+ member team and is utilized daily by over 10 developers. Cohorts that previously demanded extensive scripts can now be defined directly via the GUI interface, thereby eliminating the need for coding and freeing up developer time for more critical tasks.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf4 Commercialization
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 The success of our member identification system led to an opportunity for our client to monetize and commercialize this service, extending the triggering service to other organizations.\
}