{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AvenirNext-Regular;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f3\fnil\fcharset77 ZapfDingbatsITC;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red42\green49\blue64;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red12\green97\blue171;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c0\c46246\c72914;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone A Self-Service Population Health Analytical Tool\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 The Client
\f1\b0 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 An opportunity assessment team within a U.S.-based health insurer, recognized the need to harness the power of data for a deeper understanding of their members. The goal was to efficiently identify member cohorts and gain insights into the clinical and financial impacts of various levers to improve member outcomes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 Challenge
\f1\b0 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 The client was utilizing a vast array of tools for data visualization and analysis. While each tool had its specific use, they collectively lacked the versatility offered by an all-encompassing, self-service analytics tool. \
\
Maintenance of these disparate dashboards was highly time-consuming, and the client found themselves routinely writing SQL code to extract data for ad-hoc reports. The absence of standard methods for specific cohort data retrieval exacerbated the problem. They needed a reliable, intuitive dashboard where users could retrieve dependable data with ease.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 Solution: a self-service analytics tool
\f1\b0 \cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf2 In response to these challenges, we designed a robust, self-service analytical tool combined with data services. This solution empowers the client's business analysts to effectively test hypotheses, efficiently extract both raw and aggregated data, and enhance their ability to identify insights for improving member health outcomes. The tool not only saves them significant time but also amplifies their capacity to impact positive health outcomes.\
\
With the easy-to-use GUI interface, users can delve into a level of detail that was previously impossible, examining data from a multitude of angles to drive decision-making. This ability has been instrumental in identifying and closing gaps in care, adjusting clinical program enrollment, and assessing a variety of other levers.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf5 \cb1 System Features
\f1\b0 \cf5 \
\pard\tx220\tx678\pardeftab720\li678\fi-679\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\fs22 \cf3 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u10022 
\f2 	}
\f1 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Allows users to filter down to their population or cohort of interest using over 500 indicators (e.g. benefits, conditions, clinical program enrollment, care gaps, etc.)\cb4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \cf3 \cb1 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u10022 
\f2 	}
\f1 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Enables users to compare cohorts and track changes in group metrics over time, providing insights into the effectiveness of interventions and identifying trends.\cb4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \cf3 \cb1 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u10022 
\f2 	}
\f1 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Presents cohort-specific summaries and trends using a range of metrics and KPIs (e.g., cost, utilization, rates, counter, prevalence, risk scores, benchmarks).\cb4 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2 \cf3 \cb1 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u10022 
\f2 	}
\f1 \cf2 \up0 \nosupersub \ulnone Permits import/export of member lists and raw data for further analysis.}